Add `Get` type (#153)
sindresorhus/type-fest: readme.md

- [`PascalCase`](ts41/pascal-case.d.ts) – Converts a string literal to pascal-case (`FooBar`)
- [`SnakeCase`](ts41/snake-case.d.ts) – Convert a string literal to snake-case (`foo_bar`).
- [`DelimiterCase`](ts41/delimiter-case.d.ts) – Convert a string literal to a custom string delimiter casing.

> - [`Get`](ts41/get.d.ts) - Gets a deeply-nested property from an object, like lodash's get method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`Get`](ts41/get.d.ts) - Get a deeply-nested property from an object using a key path, like Lodash's `.get()` method.
```

?
